Update expo-ads-admob's README.md (#8233)
expo/expo: packages/expo-ads-admob/README.md

### Configure for Android

> Ensure that there is a `meta-data` element inside the `application` node inside `AndroidManifest.xml` file (located typically under `/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`) with `android:name` of `"com.google.android.gms.ads.APPLICATION_ID"` and a value of your AdMob App ID. Google's Mobile Ads SDK documentation shows precisely how to do this [here](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start#update_your_androidmanifestxml). In the end your `AndroidManifest.xml` should look more or less like this:

Author: Small grammar and casing nits: "typically located" and "app ID", per the documentation

```xml
<manifest>
  <application>
    ...
    <!-- Ensure that tag with this name and proper value is inside application -->
    <meta-data
      android:name="com.google.android.gms.ads.APPLICATION_ID"
      android:value="ca-app-pub-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx~yyyyyyyyyy"/> <!-- App ID -->

>     <!-- You can find your App ID in the AdMob UI -->

Author: Same casing nit: "app ID"

### Configure for Android

> In your app's `AndroidManifest.xml` file, add a `meta-data` element with a string value of your AdMob app ID, as shown in [Google's Mobile Ads SDK (Android) documentation](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start#update_your_androidmanifestxml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that there is a `meta-data` element inside the `application` node inside `AndroidManifest.xml` file (located typically under `/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`) with `android:name` of `"com.google.android.gms.ads.APPLICATION_ID"` and a value of your AdMob App ID. Google's Mobile Ads SDK documentation shows precisely how to do this [here](https://developers.google.com/admob/android/quick-start#update_your_androidmanifestxml). In the end your `AndroidManifest.xml` should look more or less like this:
```

Author: Same nit here, consider keeping the Android and iOS sections consistent.

```xml

> <meta-data
>             android:name="com.google.android.gms.ads.APPLICATION_ID"
>             android:value="ca-app-pub-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx~yyyyyyyyyy"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<manifest>
  <application>
    ...
    <!-- Ensure that tag with this name and proper value is inside application -->
    <meta-data
      android:name="com.google.android.gms.ads.APPLICATION_ID"
      android:value="ca-app-pub-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx~yyyyyyyyyy"/> <!-- App ID -->
    <!-- You can find your App ID in the AdMob UI -->
    ...
  </application>
</manifest>
```

Author: Thanks for the suggested changes. I think it'd be good to keep the section consistent with the "Configure for iOS" section, which is what my original commit reflected. Not a big deal either way, but consider updating the "Configure for iOS" section to be consistent with your suggested changes.
